# GitHub reflection- Rahni Ong
---
## Week 2
### What have I learnt this week?
This week was based around understanding complex adaptive systems with many model thinking. Specifically, I learnt how models can help us build and improve our understanding of complex adaptive systems. In understood this concept through an introduction to what models are, types of models, why model (4 reasons), the seven uses of models and the wisdom hierarchy. Also this week, I learnt the science of many models. This involved looking the idea of putting one model to many uses to better understand complex adaptive systems.
### What do I 'now know' that I did not before? What insights have I gained?
Upon reflection, since I am new to this subject and the concepts within it, many insights were gained. Week 2 content included looking at what a model is and the uses of models. This content was similar to year 12 biology, whereby we discussed how models simplify a complex process (eg. in biology a model of a DNA double helix simplifies the structure and formation of nitrogenous bonds) and their multiple functions with the acronym REDCAPE. This included learning about how one model serves many functions, provide a foundation for tackling all sorts of real world problems. For example through the one to many approach, social scientists had applied models of interacting particles to explain poverty traps, variation in crime rates, and even economic growth across countries. From this concept, insights were gained into how models can be both flexible and creative, whilst making us more wise individuals.
### What were the challenges I have encountered/observed and how well (did I/my team) handle them?
A challenge I encountered this week was staying focused during the 3 hours of class time. I also often found myself behind as I write down notes and miss out on extra notes the teacher was explaining. Upon reflecting, I did not handle this well as I spent time after class finishing notes and going through Canvas modules for extra information.
### What would I do better next time and with what anticipated results?
To stay focused, I am going to utilise the 10 minute break times with better purpose. I am going to do this by getting up and walking around or having something to eat or drink. I anticipate I will gain more energy and hence will be inclined to actively listen in class and stay focused. Also, I am going to read the Canvas modules before class so I have an understanding of what will be taught during the upcoming lesson.
### What theory proved to be useful and why? What have I learnt from 
Reflecting upon this lesson, the theory which proved to be useful was the “wisdom of the crowd” concept. This concept comes from diversity, which involves having people that use different models, different variables and different viewpoints. From this, I learn that I can leverage the “wisdom of the crowd” within my own thinking and problem solving next time I am confronted with a complex adaptive system. Another piece of theory which was also useful was “many model thinking”, which involves applying a single model across multiple domains. This can be done by reassigning names and identifiers and modifying assumptions.

---
## Week 3
### What have I learnt this week?
This week was based around introducing models of how people: behave, make decisions, conceal or reveal hidden information, add value and the power they have in groups and finally, solve problems in a group solution.
### What do I 'now know' that I did not before? What insights have I gained?
This week I learnt more about modelling casual interactions, specifically modelling the way people behave. I always thought behaviour was a simple process, but this lesson taught me that there are many systems which make it a complex model. Models can be: rational (based on the assumption that people behave to optimise their goals), behavioural (modelling people as close as possible to how they really behave) or rule based (use psychology to figure out certain rules that people seem to be using and how this predi.cts how they will acts). This knowledge gave me insight into how diverse casual interactions are, with many models deriving from a simple, yet complex process
### What were the challenges I have encountered/observed and how well (did I/my team) handle them?
This week, my class focus had improved and I managed to keep up with content, hence proving my new strength. However, a challenge I encountered today was understanding the content with real life application. I handled this situation well by listening to the examples provided in class and writing down extra notes to help understand it better, for example the “prospect theory” example within the behavioural model.
### What would I do better next time and with what anticipated results?
Next time, to see if I understand the content well, I am going to look through the extra examples on canvas and see if I can work the solutions out. If I am unsuccessful, I will then ask my peers or teachers for help through the discussion board. This will assist me in understanding the content better of how these models have applications in the real world.
### What theory proved to be useful and why? What have I learnt from this?
The theory which proved to be useful was the problem solving. This involved content to do with how individuals and teams go about problem solving. I learnt that problem solving is a process of perspectives, heuristics, team diversity and recombination, which leads to innovation. The content has given me a framework of how someone’s perspectives, ideas and solutions combine with others to create good ideas. This information proved to be useful as I will be working individually on my reflections, but also in a team for the problem modelling assessment, hence demonstrating its importance in my university studies.

---
## Week 4
